Add section on CIS 1.23, PSA in K3s 1.25+ in hardening guide (#59)
k3s-io/docs: docs/security/hardening-guide.md

## Kubernetes Runtime Requirements

The runtime requirements to comply with the CIS Benchmark are centered around pod security (via PSP or PSA), network policies and API Server auditing logs. These are outlined in this section.

> By default, K3s does not apply any pod security or network policies. However, K3s ships with a controller that is meant to apply a given set of network policies. The same setup applies API Server auditing logs, K3s doesn't enable them by default, so audit log configuration and audit policy must be created manually. By default, K3s runs with the `NodeRestriction` admission controller. 

Reviewer: What controller do we have that applies network policies?

> By default, K3s does not apply any pod security or network policies. However, K3s ships with a controller that is meant to apply a given set of network policies. The same setup applies API Server auditing logs, K3s doesn't enable them by default, so audit log configuration and audit policy must be created manually. By default, K3s runs with the `NodeRestriction` admission controller. 

Reviewer: What controller do we have that applies network policies? Do you mean that it enforces the policies, if the user applies (creates) rules in the cluster?

```suggestion
By default, K3s does not include any pod security or network policies. However, K3s ships with a controller that will enforce network policies, if any are created. K3s doesn't enable auditing by default, so audit log configuration and audit policy must be created manually. By default, K3s runs with the both the `PodSecurity` and `NodeRestriction` admission controllers enabled, among others.
```

Author: My dumb answer is: I don't know, this is an paragraph from the existing documentation. As such I am totally fine with taking your suggestions as fact.

sudo systemctl restart k3s.service
```

## Configuration for Kubernetes Components

The configuration below should be placed in the [configuration file](../installation/configuration.md#configuration-file), and contains all the necessary remediations to harden the Kubernetes components.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="v1.25 and Newer" default>

```yaml
protect-kernel-defaults: true
secrets-encryption: true
kube-apiserver-arg:

>   - 'enable-admission-plugins=NodeRestriction,NamespaceLifecycle,ServiceAccount'

Reviewer: Aren't all three of these these enabled by default?

Author: GH review is somewhat weird, do you mean: secrets-encryption, protect-kernel-defaults, and the apiserver args as the 3? or the 3 admission plugins?

Author: The answer is no for both. The only default that is enabled for the plugins is `NodeRestriction` so that can be removed from this guide.

Author: Which you can't do because once you define the plugins as an argument, it overrides the k3s default (just tested). So all 3 must be included.

Reviewer: According to the upstream docs:
> --enable-admission-plugins strings
> admission plugins that should be enabled in addition to default enabled ones (NamespaceLifecycle, LimitRanger, ServiceAccount, TaintNodesByCondition, PodSecurity, Priority, DefaultTolerationSeconds, DefaultStorageClass, StorageObjectInUseProtection, PersistentVolumeClaimResize, RuntimeClass, CertificateApproval, CertificateSigning, CertificateSubjectRestriction, DefaultIngressClass, MutatingAdmissionWebhook, ValidatingAdmissionPolicy, ValidatingAdmissionWebhook, ResourceQuota).

So these are **additional** plugins, beyond the defaults - and NamespaceLifecyle and ServiceAccount are already covered by the defaults, so they don't need to be included, either in the K3s defaults, or those set by the user.

Author: Doing some testing, I have removed these from the 1.25 config.

  - 'admission-control-config-file=/var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/psa.yaml'
  - 'audit-log-path=/var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/logs/audit.log'
  - 'audit-policy-file=/var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/audit.yaml'
  - 'audit-log-maxage=30'
  - 'audit-log-maxbackup=10'
  - 'audit-log-maxsize=100'
  - 'request-timeout=300s'
  - 'service-account-lookup=true'
kube-controller-manager-arg:
  - 'terminated-pod-gc-threshold=10'
  - 'use-service-account-credentials=true'
kubelet-arg:
  - 'streaming-connection-idle-timeout=5m'
  - 'make-iptables-util-chains=true'
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="v1.24 and Older" default>

```yaml
protect-kernel-defaults: true
secrets-encryption: true
kube-apiserver-arg:

>   - 'enable-admission-plugins=NodeRestriction,PodSecurityPolicy,NamespaceLifecycle,ServiceAccount'

Reviewer: same question

Author: This line cannot be removed from the 1.24 and Older, as older version of Kubernetes such as v1.22 did not enable NodeRestriciton or PodSecurityPolicy by default.
